README.md, before:

### Pleased to meet you

<!--
**oroconnor/oroconnor** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
Hello. My name is Owen O’Connor. I'm a project manager and programmer, with a passion for statistical computing and environmental monitoring data. 

Code Portfolio Selections:
>    R: [https://github.com/oroconnor/AirReport](https://github.com/oroconnor/AirReport) <br />
     Shiny Apps and Data Visualisation: https://github.com/oroconnor/RShiny_and_other_Visuals <br />
     Python: [https://github.com/oroconnor/CS345-Project](https://github.com/oroconnor/CS345-Project) <br />
     Java: [https://github.com/oroconnor/StreamJava/tree/main](https://github.com/oroconnor/StreamJava/tree/main)
  

Want to reach me?
>    Email: oroconnor@gmail.com\
     LinkedIN: www.linkedin.com/in/owen-oconnor

Commit message:

Revise README.md with additional information
Updated the README.md to include new sections on consulting work, college projects, and skills.

README.md, after:

### Pleased to meet you

Hello. My name is Owen O’Connor. I'm a programmer and project manager, with a passion for statistical computing and environmental monitoring data. 

## Selected :droplet: Portfolio


### Consulting Work
>    [Bard Center For Environmental Sciences and Humanities](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/BardCESH.md)  
     [Roe Jan Watershed Council](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/RoeJan.md)  
     [Sawkill Watershed](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/SawkillWatershed.md)  

### College Computer Science Projects
>    [Mann Kendall Java Program](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/MannKendall.md)  
[National Estuarine Reserve Big Data Project](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/MapReduce.md)  
[Dry Bean Classification](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/DryBeans.md)

### Other Consulting

>    [Cornell Cooperative Extension and Carey Institute](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/SoilFlux.md)

### Skills
- R
- Python
- Git / Version Control
- Shiny
- Java
- Machine Learning
- REST APIs
- Software Testing
  
### For More Info
For more info on work history and coursework: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/owenroconnor/?trk=opento_sprofile_details)  
You can reach me at: oroconnor@gmail.com
