WaterPortfolio.md, before:

## Selected :droplet: Portfolio


### Consulting Work

[Bard Center For Environmental Sciences and Humanities](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/BardCESH.md)

[Roe Jan Watershed Council](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/RoeJan.md)

[Sawkill Watershed](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/SawkillWatershed.md)

### College Computer Science Projects

[Mann Kendall Java Program](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/MannKendall.md)

[National Estuarine Reserve Big Data Project](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/MapReduce.md)

[Dry Bean Classification](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/DryBeans.md)

### Other Consulting

[Cornell Cooperative Extension and Carey Institute](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/SoilFlux.md)

### Skills
- R
- Python
- Git / Version Control
- Shiny
- Java
- Machine Learning
- REST APIs
- Software Testing
  
### For More Info
For more info on work history, coursework, and how to contact me: [LinkedIN](https://www.linkedin.com/in/owenroconnor/?trk=opento_sprofile_details)

Commit message:

Revise contact details in WaterPortfolio.md
Updated contact information and LinkedIn reference.

WaterPortfolio.md, after:

## Selected :droplet: Portfolio


### Consulting Work

[Bard Center For Environmental Sciences and Humanities](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/BardCESH.md)

[Roe Jan Watershed Council](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/RoeJan.md)

[Sawkill Watershed](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/SawkillWatershed.md)

### College Computer Science Projects

[Mann Kendall Java Program](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/MannKendall.md)

[National Estuarine Reserve Big Data Project](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/MapReduce.md)

[Dry Bean Classification](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/DryBeans.md)

### Other Consulting

[Cornell Cooperative Extension and Carey Institute](https://github.com/oroconnor/oroconnor/blob/main/Portfolio/SoilFlux.md)

### Skills
- R
- Python
- Git / Version Control
- Shiny
- Java
- Machine Learning
- REST APIs
- Software Testing
  
### For More Info
For more info on work history and coursework: [LinkedIN](https://www.linkedin.com/in/owenroconnor/?trk=opento_sprofile_details)
You can reach me at: oroconnor@gmail.com
